feat: partial results (#1)
i-am-bee/modelcontextprotocol: docs/specification/draft/basic/index.mdx

  id: string | number;
  result?: {
    [key: string]: unknown;
    _meta?: {
      [key: string]: unknown;

>       partial?: boolean;

Author: ```suggestion
      hasMore?: boolean;
```

- **Responses** are further sub-categorized as either **successful results** or
  **errors**. Either a `result` or an `error` **MUST** be set. A response **MUST NOT**
  set both.

> - Results **MAY** be `partial` only if the corresponding request set the `allowPartial` flag.
>   A partial result indicates that more responses with the same ID will follow.

Author: ```suggestion
- Results **MAY** set `hasMore` flag only if the corresponding request set the `allowPartial` flag.
  The flag indicates that more responses with the same ID will follow.
```
